C2C Zimperium MTD (#5554)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/zimperium-mtd-source.md

---
id: zimperium-mtd-source
title: Zimperium MTD Source
sidebar_label: Zimperium MTD
tags:
  - cloud-to-cloud
  - zimperium-mtd
description: Learn how to collect the device logs from the Zimperium API and send it to Sumo Logic.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/zimperium-mtd.png')} alt="logo" width="60" />

Zimperium is a cybersecurity company specializing in mobile threat defense. It uses machine learning and on-device detection to deliver real-time protection against mobile device, network, phishing, and app threats. Designed for enterprises, its solutions safeguard sensitive data and ensure mobile security and integrity without compromising user experience or privacy in an increasingly mobile-first world.

## Data collected

The data will be collected from Zimperium MTD's database using the following log:

| Polling Interval | Data |
| :--- | :--- |
| 12 hours | [Device Logs](https://zc202.zimperium.com/login?redirect=/ziap-docs/zips-docs/api/api_details_device.html) |

## Setup

### Vendor configuration

> The Zimperium MTD source requires you to provide the **Account URL**, **Client ID**, and **Client Secret** to setup the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Zimperium MTD source requires you to provide the **Account URL**, **Client ID**, and **Client Secret** to set up the integration.
```

| sourceType | String | `"Universal"` | Yes | Type of source. |
| config | JSON Object | [Configuration object](#configuration-object) | Yes | Source type specific values. |

### Configuration Object

| Parameter | Type | Required | Default | Description | Example |
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| name | String | Yes | `null` | Type a desired name of the source. The name must be unique per Collector. This value is assigned to the [metadata](/docs/search/get-started-with-search/search-basics/built-in-metadata) field `_source`. | `"mySource"` |
| description | String | No | `null` | Type a description of the source. | `"Testing source"` |
| category | String | No | `null` | Type a category of the source. This value is assigned to the [metadata](/docs/search/get-started-with-search/search-basics/built-in-metadata) field `_sourceCategory`. See [best practices](/docs/send-data/best-practices) for details. | `"mySource/test"`
| fields | JSON Object | No | `null` | JSON map of key-value fields (metadata) to apply to the Collector or source. Use the boolean field _siemForward to enable forwarding to SIEM.|`{"_siemForward": false, "fieldA": "valueA"}` |

> | accountURL | String | Yes | `null` | The base URL to fetch the data from the Zimperium Device log api. | `https://{subdomain}.zimperium.com` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| accountURL | String | Yes | `null` | The base URL to fetch the data from the Zimperium Device log API. | `https://{subdomain}.zimperium.com` |
```
